---
layout: post
title: "My 2013 Goals"
image_thumbnail_500x320: "2013Goalsx320.JPG"
image_thumbnail_500x500: "2013Goalsx500.JPG"
categories: [life]
tags: [goals]
---  
<p>I know everyone puts a spin on their own goals for the year, but while I have set goals, this is my first attempt at publicly locking them in.  Since leaving
Chicago, I have endured a huge amount of transformation, not all by choice.  At the end of the day, I believe I am where I am supposed to be right now more so
than ever before.  I have grown to love the roller coaster of life and I have not looked back.  Every footstep out and away from my home town has been both an adventure
and very rewarding. As a geek and huge fan boy, I must admit this quote means a lot to me.</p>
<!-- more -->
{% blockquote Steve Jobs, Apple Computers %}
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
{% endblockquote %}

<p>So as I begin to embark on the journey of 2013, I have the following on my mind. #Planned</p>

<ul>
	<li>Drop 30 pounds.  I am sick of looking like a fat ass, and this extra weight is slowing me down.</li>
	<li>Run in at least two races this summer.</li>
	<li>Maintain on average 3-4 days of CrossFit each week.</li>
	<li>Become PROFICIENT at Ruby, the Rails Framework, and Postgres.</li>
	<li>Launch my startup's first product line.</li>
	<li>Pay off our family credit card and fix a few more debt related issues from the back in the day.</li>
	<li>Hit the publish key at least once a week.</li>
	<li>Learn to breathe and get back into yoga regularly for my spirituality.</li>
	<li>Publish at least one open source project.</li>
	<li>Finish my Coldbox conversion and complete overhaul project at my day gig.</li>
	<li>Practice listening first, no matter how frustrating the other person may be.  We can not force others to awaken.</li>
</ul>

<p>I believe in constant learning, and as long as I pick up something new each and every day I believe I will end up where my dream wants to take me.</p>
